Liss and now I don't know if this
happened at everyone's screening but the
movie duped us like that dip on Raging
Bull thinking that it had started but it
was really a birds-of-prey ad that
interrupts at the beginning of the movie
I don't know if this is going to be on
the 4k disc scale so I don't know why
Warner Bros promo - a 20/20 movie and
not that clown movie they have around
the corner but a it's a year full of
clowns when it comes to the it rhythmic
I'm actually a really big fan of it we
made a video on the first one over at
the ad Z show that also talked about the
curry version and how it improved my
100-meter dash since I was always
rushing past it at the blockbuster Isles
then when the remake came out there was
a bunch of clown sightings which you
know I don't keep up with my clown
Gazette so I don't know if they were on
strike or something but seeing as it was
getting close to the release of the
first one I just thought the marketing
agency for the movie went all out I was
so scared to watch it I got it at a
studio movie grille cuz you know they
leave the lights on a bit for the
waiters to walk around and give you your
food well howdy I'm Kevin the waiter
snuck out from behind me with my dr.
pepper refill scared the 23 flavors out
of me so for the sequel I was prepared I
already knew Bill skarsgård was gonna
kill it but I also knew that the real
horror in the movie doesn't come from
the clown but the dread that each
character has to live with to have a
clown be the least of your worries in a
town where the bully carves up little
boys like a tree where a girl's biggest
fears or creepy father in her own home
where a mother's love is what suffocates
her child where the horror is reminding
you that you couldn't save your little
brother on the day of his death and it's
all your fault and I kind of liked it
even though it got mixed reviews let me
explain so the first one took place in
June of 1989 with the sequel taking
place 27 years later when it returns you
know Jeepers Creepers style - for the
intro has severe dole on getting
harassed by these two homophobes which
one why is it that dudes not attracted
to dudes are the ones most attracted to
dudes and to xavier stop acting and go
finish editing John F Donovan now I get
why people see this installment as being
a mixed bag since it's all over the
place there's more editing changes than
a jpeg mafia track totally it shifts
more than yeezus there's an abundance of
CG mixed with practical effects it it's
such a jam-packed two hour big budget
horror film the
I kind of respect it like it's not all
the time that we get to see a lot of
money thrown at a horror movie in this
Blum House era that's when they get this
zany with it but I will say I thought
this half was gonna be just the adults
and we end up getting a lot of the kids
and I think that could have been shown
in the first so this one would have been
that long but it also does help connect
the characters to their artifacts that
they left behind plus it makes it feel
like a second half and not a sequel
which is what the filmmakers wanted so
they made you guys a little younger oh
you broke this thing I broke it yeah you
broke your face all the shifts made it
feel like an anthology film to me since
the movie is divided between the
characters as they go back to Derry for
a rematch with Pennywise well I don't
think it's as good as the first did it
still work for me I've always be curious
to know how that Cary Fukunaga version
would have turned out just as much as I
wish we would have got in that Sasha
Queen movie but the director and writer
have had some solid outings and it
continues here first person we revisit
is Mike who's running a recruitment cam
'calling everyone up since he's the only
one who stayed in Derry while everyone
else lost their memories the farther out
they lived
obviously the losers Club doesn't have a
fork a copy of the first did so they
spent the first 90 minutes remembering
everything except for Stanley since he
didn't make the cut but dude if this
ever happened to me it up and I would
express my way out of there Stan fortune
cookies look like that creepy Toy Story
baby head we get to see Bill's excellent
journey of leaving Derry and becoming a
scriptwriter for Warner Bros all due
respect people loved your book loved
they hated the ending you said you liked
the ending that was a line that said
he's having more issues with Wonder Broz
and Snyder's so he decides to go back
home when Mike calls him up just for
bill to get Cosby by him as you know the
movies don't even try to balance that
they just sandwich in the comedy with
the dread so we end up with a lot of
great me material during McAvoy scenes
like him trying to ride a bike along
with him proving that the all-new
Hyundai Sonata Zotto stop is bull the
available automatic
emergency braking with pedestrian
detection can help warn the driver of a
potential and then in the mix of all
that goofiness they remind you he's
responsible for his brother's death
[Music]
Eddie the funniest kid from the first
movie hands-down ends up marrying
someone just like his mom meaning she
funny thing is that the actress playing
his wife is the same actress that played
his mother so I guess the saying is true
he's still double tap in the 99.9% of
germs already killed as he goes back for
his artifact which obviously would be
his inhaler big boy Ben had himself
aglow up and goes back for his yearbook
which is his artifact since Beverley
signed it and Beverley is in an abusive
relationship again which sucks since she
just escaped the terrible when she added
with her father but she also looked into
the dead lights which gave her the
ability to have those visions one of
which would have been knowing that
Stanley was going to die what about me
now
Ritchie grows out to become a stand-up
comedian named Bill Hader and is also
the most beloved of the group you know
and I think the real first time area
actually I think felt love for somebody
was Eddie you know in his own way of
dealing with him like a lot of comedians
you know you're really funny but you
know your comedy used comedy as a
boundary between other people and also
you as a boundary in your own feelings
you know it's an interesting take on
Richie and Eddie's relationship that it
doesn't really change any big plot
points you know Eddie still dies but
with this interpretation he dies before
he could play striking vipers with
Richie I guess it also explains the
overabundance of these lines in the
first some of the other things that we
see is Henry Bowers the bully from the
first one also escaping an asylum and
continuing to be as sadistic as he was
in the first one but at least they
finally bully the bully I'm not
condoning fighting fire with fire but
unless you're drowning in with water
burning into a crisp will do especially
when you consider that our heroes win by
bullying penny wise to death anyways
Pennywise Eddie sadly gets stabbed and
dies save Huey since he clearly didn't
disinfect the wound but the losers Club
are finally able to get a W as they kill
Pennywise leave dari
but this time are able to keep their
memories as they move on and that to me
is one of the strongest themes and King
story and why it's been remade twice and
I think we'll continue to get remade in
the future that idea of not suppressing
your trauma but using it to help others
who have also been hurt by whatever it
is and that's the thing with Pennywise
because to me it represents something
more than just a scary clown it's a
depression that engulfs you during grief
it's the insecurities that it can latch
onto the suicidal thoughts the anger
that won't go away the unrelenting guilt
that darkness that comes in cycles and
seems to never go away but knowing you
have others helps you get through it
thank you guys for checking out this
video I'm curious to know your thoughts
down below in the comment section might
as well add it chapter two to the good
boys video the goodbyes of 2019 but I
did enjoy this one again not as much as
the first one did I have cool things
like I loved the Stephen King cameo and
even the director he makes the cameo in
the pharmacy but again I caught this one
late cuz we were at Toronto as you know
catching some of the stuff that we also
haven't caught at Astra so if there's
any other movies in between I know we
were recommended freaks and we were
recommended a couple of other ones that
we're streaming to catch up on any of
those just let us know down below in the
comment section
but yeah so far it's been a pretty good
year forward as well I'm not saying it's
better than last year's cuz we did get
hereditary but with mid so more in the
big blockbuster version like this us
video coming soon for that as well I'm
curious to know what other horror movies
are your standouts other than that don't
forget to comment like and subscribe